QRtist
================================================================================
QRtist is an iOS application designed to allow users to create unique barcodes
using a variety of different customization options. The application also allows
for easy sharing of these barcodes to social networks, via email, or saving to
the user's documents directory.

QRtist was a project that my brother (buzzert) and I created for a class project
during our undergraduate work. it lacks a lot of polish but I'm hoping somebody
in the open source community will find some use of our codebase and maybe
improve upon what we have.


Credits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Charles Magahern    <charles@magahern.com>
James Magahern      <james@magahern.com>


License
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2012

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
